Replace connectThreadFactory with connectExecutor (#4165)
pgjdbc/pgjdbc: docs/content/documentation/use.md

* **`loginTimeout (`*int*`)`** *Default `0`*\
Specify how long to wait for establishment of a database connection. The timeout is specified in seconds max(2147484).

* **`connectExecutor (`*String*`)`** *Default `null`*\
The fully qualified name of a class implementing `java.util.concurrent.Executor`. When `loginTimeout` is in effect, `Driver.connect(...)` hands the worker task that runs the connection attempt to the configured `Executor`.

> With a null value, the driver runs the connection attempt on a daemon thread named `"PostgreSQL JDBC driver connection thread"`. This indirection can be used to customize testing of timeout behavior or for applications that want detailed control of all driver created threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a null value, the driver runs the connection attempt on a fresh daemon thread named `"PostgreSQL JDBC driver connection thread"` (thread name might change in the future releases). This indirection can be used to control of all driver created threads.
```

"timeout testing" is not a production scenario. Let's focus on production scenarios in the end-user's documentation.

Reviewer 2: I agree with @vlsi about removing the testing part but prefer the following ```If the value is null, the driver runs the connection attempt on its own daemon thread named "PostgreSQL JDBC driver connection thread" (the name may change in future releases). Isolating the attempt on a named thread lets applications that monitor driver-created threads find and control it.``` This removes the word indirection as it's somewhat confusing (to me anyway)
